Add livestream session info (#312)
livepeer/docs: pages/reference/api/create-stream.en-US.mdx

`POST /stream` creates a `stream` object. The configuration on this parent
`stream` object is inherited by all future child `session` objects.

It is important to note, that the stream object is the core building block of the Livepeer Studio platform.
In Livepeer Studio, the stream object has unique configuration data and metadata about all livestream sessions that are associated with the stream.

> >Note: historically, a stream object with a parentIdrepresented a single livestream session. This type of "child-session" stream object will be deprecated in an upcoming version of the API in favor of the session object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: historically, a stream object with a `parentId` represented a single livestream session. This type of "child-session" stream object will be deprecated in an upcoming version of the API in favor of the session object.
```
